## Network Infrastructure
### Group Meeting 2
#### November 8th, 2024
###### Github: [Repo](https://github.com/eludin/G12-Network-Infrastructure), [Org](https://github.com/G12-Network-Infrastructure-2024)

###### Objectives
- Finalize intent letter
- Discuss ER locations
- maybe change meeting time

###### Intent Letter
- titles
	- good
- hardware
	- "Conduit/cable trays for backbone and horizontal pathways"
	- Remove VLAN line (imprecise)
- logo
	- first logo

###### VLANs
- put president on a "special" network
	- can access all the other vlans
- Scott looked into vlans, will figure out details
- managed switch may replace some amount of physical switches
	- depends on hardware specs

###### Demarc Extension / Datacenter
- build datacenter on higher floor to avoid possible flood damage etc
	- reference Simon's video/insights on this
- Perhaps make use of empty space on top floor
- Run demarc extension up to top floor
	- ISP continues to work outside
	- We install core/distribution on top floor

###### Conclusions
- Keeping meeting time on friday at 2ish
- Look into the "meeting" video requirements
	- logical diagrams at least
	- decide specific closet locations
- vlan/hardware specifics are going to need to be fleshed out before any more major decisions