## Network Infrastructure
### Group Meeting 4
#### November 22nd, 2024
###### Github: [Repo](https://github.com/eludin/G12-Network-Infrastructure), [Org](https://github.com/G12-Network-Infrastructure-2024)

###### Video Call:
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-O2a2vRtGI

###### Notes:
- Group call on Discord at ~3pm Friday the 22nd
- The purpose of this is to provide a good overview of where we're at so we can get real feedback on our design so far
- Antonio built basic slides to break up the presentation / guide the chat
	- Topics are spread and we should plan to each speak for 1-2 mins
		- Aim for 5ish mins total but going under or over doesn't matter
		- We have all the required points covered
- Check if anyone would prefer not to present
	- Everyone is comfortable talking, good
- comb out some details in terms of costing
- Build very preliminary list of hardware
	- Switches (core, distr, access)
	- Racks, Cabinets etc.
- Dry run once or twice to warm up and get comfortable?
	- Yes

- Recording looks good, uploaded to Youtube and submitted shortly after our call.