## Network Infrastructure
### Group Meeting 1
#### November 1st, 2024

###### Objectives
- formally meet & introduce ourselves
- broad overview of module 3 & project files
- introduce GitHub
- specifics of intent letter

###### GitHub
- Main Repo
	- https://github.com/eludin/G12-Network-Infrastructure
- Organization
	- https://github.com/G12-Network-Infrastructure-2024
		- not fully implemented yet

###### Intent Letter
- Decide on company name
	- SHANA
		- play on our first initials
		- Shana Networks
		- Shana Designs
		- Shana Net
- Assign roles 
	- Using names from sample doc for the time being
		- hardware specification specialist
			- Scott Richards
		- cabling specialist
			- Neil Power
		- layout specialist
			- Henry Oyewole
		- design specialist
			- Adam Lo Giudice
		- design specialist
			- Antonio Giacchetti
- Determine what hardware/infrastructure is required
	- 65mx42m layout
		- 1x core switch
		- 2x distribution switches
		- ~10x access level switches (exact num tbd)
		- significant lengths of twisted pair and fibre cables
		- AP array (at least 2 per floor? tbd)
		- cable risers for horizontal hallway runs
- Optional Add-Ons
	- go for all bonus marks
	- subnets, vlans, wireless access
		- plan to implement all
	- smart switches/server device
		- manage department vlans
		- need to do supplementary research to determine specifics

###### Conclusions
- Friday meetings going forward
	- 2pm or slightly earlier if possible
- read all docs, get on the same page
- finalize role names
	- Note: will reach out to Simon to inquire how specific we need to be with these role names
- preliminary list of hardware components
	- very rough layout (see above) based on course theory
- Adam building a MS Visio for network planning/design
- Antonio built GitHub for file sharing & organizational/archival purposes
- Antonio will draft Intent letter this weekend
	- will confirm the details and submit after next week's meeting
	- make a basic logo for SHANA etc